in this video I'll show you how to do
the Tabata workout which is an insane
training technique that is known for its
ability to help you to burn fat and it
only takes you four minutes so how this
works
choose one exercise you can also do
sprinting but I will tell you more about
that later and perform that exercise for
20 seconds and do as many repetitions in
those 20 seconds as possible after that
you will take a ten seconds break and
immediately after that you will do
another 20 seconds of that one exercise
until you I've completed eight of these
sets a question that I will probably get
is how much weight that I'm using for
this exercise I'm only using 29 kilos so
this is about 60 pounds which is not
really a lot of weight but in the end it
will feel like front squatting a hundred
kilos or even more really if you think
that this is going to be easy then you
are really going to be disappointed in
yourself so you use about thirty to
fifty percent of the maximum amount of
weight that you would use if you were
doing your regular workout so if you are
not used to performing front squats then
you can also perform back squats for
this workout but actually that's not
really convenient so I do recommend you
to use front squats and if you are not
used to performing these then first make
sure that you know how to perform the
exercise I wouldn't be going much into
detail if it comes to technique for this
exercise first of all because I'm not
really an expert with this exercise I
haven't done it for at least one year
now so the technique is probably a
little bit rusty and I didn't know that
your your wrists and also your shoulders
will feel quite sore as well after this
workout this is because the position
that you take or at least the position
that your hands take in the front squat
is different than for the back squat and
in the beginning it will put some stress
on your wrists
you're probably wondering how a short
workout like this can give you great
results like
burning fat or first of all of course
burning calories and then burning fat
and also improve your endurance better
than a long workout on medium intensity
well first of all because it is a high
intensity rather than medium intensity
and as an example I would give a run so
let's say you will run 10 kilometers
within one hour so one hour that's quite
a low intensity if it comes to running
however if you run those 10 kilometers
in let's say 20 to 30 minutes then first
of all you would be a great runner and
second you would burn a lot of calories
the funny part is that it doesn't really
matter how fast you run the same
distance it is a distance that will
determine how many calories that you
will burn so if you run 10 kilometers in
20 minutes or in 60 minutes the amount
of calories burned in those 10
kilometers will be the same for both
times at least that's what the theory
says however in practice it seems to be
slightly different and the only way that
you can find out what works for you is
by simply trying it out so I would say
just give it a go if your endurance is
also already on a pretty decent level so
if you are not a beginner anymore and
just see if it works for you I
personally think that this workout
workout is so intense that it will
really get me in great shape in just
four minutes one or maybe two workouts
like this each week for me personally I
think that one workout for now is more
than enough so if you are more advanced
on up to a real challenge then I
recommend you to try this Tabata workout
thank you very much for watching this
video don't forget to comment rate and
subscribe and I will see you next time
thank you very much for thank you very
much for watching this video I'll
hopefully see you next time and just
give it a try